Fix empty link content assignment (#345)
ostis-dev/sc-machine: docs/changelog.md

 - **C++**:
    - Migrate test system to `gtest`
    - Remove optional search triples support

>     - Fix issues with assigning empty content to an sc-link (#342, #343)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix issues with assigning empty content to `ScLink` (#342, #343)
```
